Built an app in .net, that first of all, asks the user to log in if the user is an already existing intern using roll number/serial number which has been already allocated, then redirect to home page. On the home page, the dashboard must show "Attendance Marking", "Intern's details" and "Important Guidelines For Industrial Training", with the roll number/serial number showing in the centre of the screen with the intern name. If it is a new intern, a registration page opens for the user to fill in their personal details(full name, permanent address, current address, phone number, 10th and 12th board percentage, attaching their passport size photo in jpg format), college details(college name, intern's degree that they are pursuing, degree duration, the year in which they are currently in, semester wise SGP grade, projects that they have worked/are working on), internship referral(name of the person whose referance has been used,their position and department, their relation with the intern), internship outcomes(internship duration, intern's 3 fields of choice according to their branch, department in the company that they wish to join) and mentor details(mentor name, contact details). Make a pdf of the personal details table, college details table, internship referral table and mentor details table in a single and the same pdf. Save this pdf to "Intern's details" section in the home page. After that is done, take the new intern to fill out another form for the ID Card format asking for the first name, father's/mother's name,surname, college name, contact number, address, blood group, passport size photo in jpg format and physical identification mark. Save these details in the pdf "ID Card Format" and save it to the "Intern's Details" in the home page. After these details have been saved, take them to the page "Confidentiality And Disclosure Agreement" with the intern requiring to upload their signature in jpg format at the very end after reading all the rules. After that is done, convert the agreement into pdf and save it to "Intern's Details". After this take them to home page where they have received their roll number/serial number. They can then login into "Attendance Marking" using the roll number/serial number. The intern that has been already registered, will be able to see their attendance percentage and monitor in time and out time on the screen of a month with the mentor approval for each day. They can change the month to see their in and out time of other months and dates. For the new interns, they will be able to enter with the roll number/serial number and then enter in time and out time after selecting date and month, this when submitted will be sent to the mentor which has been entered by the intern for approval. If the mentor approves, the attendance is marked and if not approved then attendance is not entered. On the mentor's side of the app, ask them to enter their name, position and contact details. On the home page, show them the list of interns who have selected them as the mentor. On clicking on the intern's name, they are able to see all the pdfs that were saved in the "Intern's Details" and "Attendance Marking". Show them the pending attendance requests that require approval and the percentage of attendance of the intern for that month. The gross attendance percentage shows for each month and the month can be changed if and when required by the mentor. Do not use any freeware language except python. Use .net and python as much as possible.
